so he's coming closer
this year Hot Wok will play host to
engage agree event I was at Tony
the tournament brings together three
schools for a series of magical contests
I was just wondering if maybe she wanted
to go to the ball with me
let's do easy place your right hand on
my face police to a single student is
chosen to survive three dangerous cars
only one will go down in history
only one winners eternal glory
people died indiscernible I asked this
to happen
I don't want tunnel glory miss Cathy I'm
not ready
you don't get choice
you're the boy who gives
this year for in danger Harry is
greatest test having a toilet isn't the
answer anymore Corey saying will become
the darkest hour what do you want
roll your eyes again
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire